On Apr 16, 2017, at 12:48 PM, Jeff Holman <jeff.holman@yahoo.com> wrote:

Hi Mark!
The data currently isn't capturing the date added or deleted for a doctor.  I will add that this week to capture going forward.  
What it is capturing is the Date Last Updated on a Doctor record.  I've attached a list of the doctors that have DateLastUpdated 
in 2017 that you may be able to use to determine who was added and deleted.  For each of these doctors I also included the 
comments that have been added for them to help you determine their history.  If the comment was entered prior to 2017 then that 
Doctor was obviously not added this year.

I think for deletions I will set up a new status 99 - Deleted.  That way the doctor's information and history can be saved in 
our tables (and possibly resurrected later if need be).  We can filter out the Deleted doctors except when we specifically 
wish to see them.

I've actually been doing some work on a revamped HLC site to brush up on some of my skills/training on the latest 
website development tools.  It is running in parallel to the existing site and I would like to get with you sometime 
in the next couple weeks to see what new additions/changes/reports you would like to see finally added to the site.  I 
apologize that I haven't had much time til now to spend on updating the site but I think you'll like the direction I'm 
going with the redesign.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
From: Mark Jones <jmarkjones@carolina.rr.com>
To: Jeff Holman <jeff.holman@yahoo.com> 
Sent: Saturday, April 15, 2017 1:50 PM
Subject: HLC website question

Jeff,

Is it possible to have a report that shows the names of doctors added and deleted from our database? The Branch is 
asking whom we added this year and I haven’t kept a record of any doctors I added and the other brothers who may have 
added names don’t recall either.

If it isn’t possible now, could we add a criterion table to track adds/deletes.

thanks

Mark