From: Mark Jones <jmarkjones@carolina.rr.com>
Date: June 29, 2017 at 11:22:55 PM EDT
To: Jeff Holman <jeff.holman@yahoo.com>
Subject: Re: HLC
Jeff,

Apologize for the delay in responding - yes, we’ve been busy with the Regional Convention and other activities. I understand 
you attend in a couple weeks - you have a lot to look forward to!

Thank you very much for your continued work on the website. We really appreciate everything you do.

Here are answers to your questions:

1 - Standard diagnosis. This is a start so it will be interesting to see how the list develops over time. It may be best 
to list everything individually instead of “Disorders” grouping that I show:
Active bleeding
Disorders affecting Red Blood Cells: Anemia, Kidney Disease, Sickle Cell Anemia, etc
Disorders affecting White Blood Cells: Thrombocytopenic purpura, etc
Disorders affecting Platelets: Cancer, Leukemia, Lymphoma, Multiple Myeloma, etc
Disorders affecting Plasma: Hemophilia, DCT, DIC, etc
Gastrointestinal bleeding
Gynecologic
Liver disease
Menorrhagia
Obstetric hemorrhage
Preoperative blood management
Sepsis or Severe infection
Thrombocytopenia

2 - Annual Questionnaire - 2015 version attached. Probably very little change from the version you have.

3 - Currently, neither CMC or Novant have a BSMP in place. CMC had a program a few years ago but abandoned it. Novant is 
talking about developing one.

4 - Yes, adding Practices on the fly is preferred.

5 - The PVG screen looks good. It would be nice to have reports (Last Name Alpha and by Hospital/by Day). Currently the HLC 
member that manages the PVG schedules keeps everything in Excel. Perhaps we should have a conference call with him to see 
if he has other needs.

I look forward to seeing what you’ve been working on. Let me know when you would like to meet.

Regards
Mark




On Jun 27, 2017, at 6:24 PM, Jeffrey Holman <jeff.holman@yahoo.com> wrote:

Hi Mark,
 
I’d thought I’d check back in with you on some HLC questions I have.  I’m sure you’ve been busy lately getting together that 
last report for the Society and preparing for the Assembly.  I’ve still been working on a rewrite of the site as part of my 
personal skills training on some of the latest site building tools and programming platforms.
 
When you have time (no rush) can you answer the following:
 
1.            You mentioned earlier about a standard list of Diagnosis selections that I can present on the Case File entry 
                screen.  I have provided a means to add on the fly but if you have a standard list to use as a starting point that you 
                can pass along I’ll set that up.
 
2.            I came across an old (2011) HLC Annual Questionnaire that you provide to the Society each year.  Is that still used?  
                If so, has it changed since then?  If you have one you can send me (even blank) if it has changed I would appreciate it.  
                I’m looking at providing a report that collects much of that info for you.
 
3.            On that 2011 form there is a place for BMSP information for each hospital.  I’d like to set up the Hospital entry 
                page to capture that.  The items I see on that page are:
                • Hospital Type:  Drop-down list
                • Has Pediatrics? Yes/No
                • Coordinator Name
                • Coordinator Phone
                • Coordinator is Witness? Yes/No
                • Level of Commitment:  Free form text
                • Specialties:  Free form text
                • Number of Doctors: short text field (you can type 100+ for example)
 
4.            Currently users can add Practices on-the-fly as they are entering a new Doctor.  Is that how you still wish to do it?  
                I assume so.
 
5.            I don't think we went very far with the PVG information before and I haven't looked at the rewrite of that portion yet.  
                We can discuss what your needs are and build that out.
 
I really think you'll like what I've been working on.  I've taken advantage of some time that I've had free to dig into 
some newer programming tools and methodologies that I need to get a handle on to keep myself marketable for work and it's 
been handy to have a project to work on!  When you get some free time (probably after your Assembly) I'd like to get with 
you and go over what I have.  It runs in parallel to the existing site and uses the same databases, so if you've been seeing 
some strange Test Doctors showing up lately that's me.
 
Regards,
Jeff Holman
 
Sent from Mail for Windows 10
